Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed you weren't there at a quarter of in the virtual clinic.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what happened that checking in early right so that I can know whether you're going to be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened is it what do you think happened there.
Michelle Lucero: Um,
Michelle Lucero: I was still asleep, honestly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's what what you were doing, but you've scheduled appointments before
Michelle Lucero: So yeah, my alarm was set. I don't know why it didn't go off. I have three alarm set. I wish I could show you
Michelle Lucero: And they're all set. I make sure they're all on before I go to sleep.
Michelle Lucero: And I never wake up with anything's thing like you slept through your alarm, because usually that would happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be a good idea to take time. Go ahead and take a peek at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. Most people once they do this and they take a look
Gwenevere Abriel: They can see what the problem is. So you can kind of your videos on hold while you're looking at it, you can take a look at
Gwenevere Abriel: It because this is going to keep happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we don't discover what the, what the, the issues.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, all, all three are on for five o'clock in the morning, that's
Michelle Lucero: When I went to bed early last night.
Michelle Lucero: I
Michelle Lucero: It doesn't say, and like usually would have some kind of
Michelle Lucero: message saying if I miss my alarm clock or if I slept through my alarm clock.
Michelle Lucero: Because I guess it will only try a couple times.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm just curious. What time did you get up yesterday.
Michelle Lucero: At five my alarm woke me up yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe the problem is the setting an alarm that if this isn't for this appointment that alarm is a general alarm for I'm assuming it's so that you start your day. I think what might be needed is an alarm that is
Gwenevere Abriel: More towards an appointment. That's actually set so
Gwenevere Abriel: This one would have been missed. If I hadn't asked Angelina, to give you a call right
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just check and see if there's other things going on. If there's a not wanting to maybe confront something or say something or talk about something or not wanting to be awake at all. See if there's something beyond just the alarm that might be going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not your first time right this is something that we've got to take a look at because
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't the first time.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's gonna be I think inconvenient for you.
Michelle Lucero: I'm the only thing I could think of.
Michelle Lucero: I don't know, like I have to cook today because my nephew's funerals tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Michelle Lucero: And I have to go take the food over there today.
Michelle Lucero: But I honestly don't even know if I can because
Michelle Lucero: I need to contact my appeal because it's an Albuquerque.
Michelle Lucero: Uh huh.
Michelle Lucero: And I didn't even think of that until last night.
Michelle Lucero: I didn't think of that. Anthony's, the one that reminded me. He's like, you can go to Kyle's funeral until
Michelle Lucero: You get a hold of your appeal. Like if anything happens, we get pulled over, you're going to be in trouble. And I was like, oh my god, I didn't even think of that, like, I haven't gone anywhere out of the city. So I haven't had to ask my appeal for permission.
Michelle Lucero: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, where's your to do list for today. Maybe we could start with that. Where's your to do list for today.
Michelle Lucero: In my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go get paper.
Michelle Lucero: I have a
Gwenevere Abriel: So first thing
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's start with setting an alarm for
Gwenevere Abriel: Our next appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I think you're starting work on me. See, Michelle starts 11am I think you're starting May 2 has that changed.
Michelle Lucero: Um, no.
Michelle Lucero: Well, maybe I don't know I could read you what my boss of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Asking, I just have a little handwritten note here. I wrote myself. Michelle starts 11am it's, it's just a question you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know that on Saturday.
Michelle Lucero: Um, no, I guess. As of now, no. Because the last thing I heard was
Michelle Lucero: It says
Michelle Lucero: Lola. We can't open as planned, but
Michelle Lucero: Limited administration and services to f will start
Michelle Lucero: May 11 so that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's do this while you're in there in your phone. Um, why don't you set an alarm for 830 sorry let me try again 7:30am and said it with Gwen on May six,
Michelle Lucero: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So look, if you can
Michelle Lucero: I already had one set for me for that 10 for an individual with you and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, you're right. I see it, nevermind I just caught my eyes just caught that.
Michelle Lucero: So do you want me to leave that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: We need to change it because that's your group day right so
Michelle Lucero: Maybe would be dumb us
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, we could, that's fine, but you'd said we're going to do know group that week. And then the next week group.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what
Michelle Lucero: Do one like every other week.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember the context.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of why we did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: We did that because you were working now you're
Michelle Lucero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now, let's go. May six, you can plug in the phone 7:30am just put go in and make check in some kind of way that you register. I've got a check in it because what if they have you do a drug.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, when you look at Wednesday. Is that a day. That is good competition with your PO on a Wednesday.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, the next time I see him is on the six
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's let's see really going to work. What time does he need you in there because my recollection was he was understanding when you are eating right heart health, that it wasn't an issue.
Michelle Lucero: Right. Um, let me look for it. The, the meeting with him is on May six at 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Need from eight to nine with me.
Michelle Lucero: No, not at all, because
Michelle Lucero: It's a dual meeting with him.
Michelle Lucero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll get in your phone, at least when 730 check in something like that so that it's going to make sure it's set so that there's an actual
Gwenevere Abriel: Alarm set to to them.
Michelle Lucero: When 730
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let me just get the context because it's different for everybody. So last night. It took you
Gwenevere Abriel: To confirm the appointment. What, what was going on.
Michelle Lucero: At that time, I just got into town.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Michelle Lucero: So when when I replied. Yeah, I noticed that you sent it like at five something and I usually do reply right away. But I was in surreal.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what does that translate to me. What does that mean, like, what made it responding difficult. Tell me what that means.
Michelle Lucero: I was in serious. I don't get service out there until
Gwenevere Abriel: Work right there. I was in. So, so I don't have service and surreal surreal says no meaning to me right i don't know surreal from cats and dogs.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, I didn't have service. I got it. Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we've got a new plan. We've got you're going to attend group on May 4 you've got and when is your group time
Michelle Lucero: Um, it is
Michelle Lucero: 10am
Michelle Lucero: On the fourth
Michelle Lucero: When
Gwenevere Abriel: Your group.
Michelle Lucero: Oh, my group is on the 11th.
Michelle Lucero: At one
Michelle Lucero: That's what I have next
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that was when you weren't when you weren't working
Michelle Lucero: Okay, let me see the calendar than it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were working the context has changed now so
Gwenevere Abriel: Your next next group is Monday at may 4
Gwenevere Abriel: At one at one. What time are you going to set the alarm on your phone.
Michelle Lucero: 1230
Gwenevere Abriel: I would, yeah I mean not you guys would know better, but it's taken a while to get checked in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, then two days later. You See Me, May six,
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to check in at 730 or your alarms go off at 730 at least
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. And then we'll
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll take it from there. Now you are going to start as far as, you know, you're going to be in
Gwenevere Abriel: Work the following Monday, which is may 11
Gwenevere Abriel: Which makes me think, maybe you're not off on Mondays.
Michelle Lucero: And that's just the day they said the half staff was gonna go back. That's not my regular schedule warehouse schedule is Tuesday to Saturday. So every Sunday and Monday. Everyone in the warehouses off.
Michelle Lucero: Would even if it isn't.
Michelle Lucero: I just have to let my boss know like he knows
Michelle Lucero: That he knows about these meetings and he knows that I had already moved them to Mondays, because he changed my schedule again so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you've had a lot of changes, it would be nice to see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Given your description of yourself. I have a poor memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you stick with this if you want. Let's stick with that. So let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's leave that there, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's already put in place so that there's there's real clarity. The same thing may 13 in the morning, would it be a difficult challenge for you to be going to on a Wednesday, the same day, you probably see your PO to be able to meet at 8am on a Wednesday.
Michelle Lucero: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: wouldn't be an issue as long as he knows
Michelle Lucero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's do that. So May 13th at 8am which on your alarm would be set for more like 730
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll be able to confirm these as they get closer, but at least there.
Michelle Lucero: And that's
Michelle Lucero: That's a individual
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, so the 11th will be my group, though, right.
Hahaha
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me how how your family's doing
Michelle Lucero: I think all of them are like just thinking the way I am.
Michelle Lucero: Just I'm good. Cuz it's
Michelle Lucero: It's just a long story. The lady that my brother had the baby with was a longtime family friend.
Michelle Lucero: Uh huh. And she was a lesbian. She is a lesbian. And she was with her girlfriend for 20 years before she had this baby with my brother.
Michelle Lucero: And I believe that she did it just to have a baby because she obviously couldn't with her girlfriend. And the minute that Heil was born. My Brother Dave I'm parental rights away or just signed away right
Michelle Lucero: Cuz that's what she wanted. And he wasn't like in his
Michelle Lucero: He wasn't like
Michelle Lucero: Ready to be a father again he already had three kids and they're already grown and it kinda like caught him by surprise, you know,
Michelle Lucero: So he he did and he he signed away his parental rights.
Michelle Lucero: And only when it was convenient for her and in the Kyle ever come into our lives like when she broke up with her girlfriend.
Michelle Lucero: She introduced Kyle to all of us, because none of us have even known him and he was like four years old.
Michelle Lucero: And then
Michelle Lucero: She met her now husband. So then she took him out of our lives. Again, but then my nephew died my brother's oldest son died.
Michelle Lucero: So she brought him back into our lives, then
Michelle Lucero: And then after the funeral and everything was over.
Michelle Lucero: She took him out of our lives. Again, and like we would try my brother would try to like get a hold of her and say, like, it's Christmas. We have gifts for Kyle, you know, because all that's just the way it was.
Michelle Lucero: Messing
Michelle Lucero: So I guess now.
Michelle Lucero: More than anything, we're just her because he just kept getting pulled out of our lives. I know my brother is like killing him. He has severe guilt.
Oh, yeah.
Michelle Lucero: I'm not knowing them and he always thought he was gonna have time because he was only 15 but my brother always thought he was gonna have time to
Gwenevere Abriel: Who is 15
Michelle Lucero: To knowing pale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my goodness. Oh.
Michelle Lucero: They killed him in a wall. They say it was a road rage in Albuquerque. But I don't know if he was involved in gangs.
Michelle Lucero: But they said both cards were shooting at each other, but there's no proof that piles are had a gun because
Michelle Lucero: They can't even find who shot and killed him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is this, this, the brother that's living with your dad really
Gwenevere Abriel: And how, how often are you talking to is this Stephen
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what's your brother's name.
David
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you've called Davey before I think
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, Davey
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you think that he's you said it. My family's all feeling the same as me and you just mentioned that he's feeling guilt somehow is the guilt because is it. Oh, I took the easy way out. I, I didn't fight harder to see. Kyle, like what's the guilt over
Michelle Lucero: All of it all the above
Michelle Lucero: Oh, because he signed the papers for parental rights because he didn't fight harder to see him because he always thought he was gonna have that chance to explain to Kyle.
Michelle Lucero: Like it wasn't as they didn't want you in our lives like when he got older and he's not going to have that chance smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said that everyone shares that somehow
Michelle Lucero: Well, I was talking with Noel yesterday and we she had came by, because she's making two capsules of green in Chiba others they making to have read. So we went to the store together yesterday to go buy all the ingredients for the enchiladas. And we're talking about it and I told her, like,
Michelle Lucero: I just asked her, like, how do you feel about going tomorrow because I know I've had some very anxiety. Since I found out about it, but of course I didn't want to show my brother that because I don't want him to feel worse.
Michelle Lucero: But I told her, like, how do you feel for going and she's like, I don't want to go to be honest with you, I want to go take the food, go to the viewing angles straight home. I don't want to because it's supposed to be taking the hot food to Joseph to house which is the mom.
Michelle Lucero: Because they can't have any public gathering anywhere. So they're going to do it illegally at her house because you're not, it's not legal to have gatherings.
Michelle Lucero: I see. So, and that's another reason why I don't want to, like, you know, a member of Asian I can be around anywhere that the police get called
Michelle Lucero: So you're supposed to go drop off the hot food to Joseph. Let's go to the viewing between three and five and then go back to Joseph afterwards he and no one wants to go back to Joseph to eat, and I don't think we're going to because
Michelle Lucero: I'm terrified to get like in trouble for being on probation and then police being hauled
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Michelle Lucero: And my brother just doesn't want
Michelle Lucero: He doesn't want the looks like, what is he doing here, you know, when
Michelle Lucero: He was in his life.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about you guys in brainstorming ways to still do this in a in a meaningful way where let's say Davey Noel you and whoever else if you guys met in some way.
Gwenevere Abriel: lit a candle read a poem read a prayer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something drew had of Canvas from Michael's and painted some thing together you doing saying like
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I totally brought that up yesterday because the viewings going to be unfortunately the viewings going to be online.
Michelle Lucero: Like they're going to have a live feed of his viewing
Michelle Lucero: Because of the circumstances. Now there's only allowed to be five people at a time, the mortuary
Michelle Lucero: So like everyone's supposed to be waiting in their vehicles and five supposed to go in at a time. Wow. Who's going to tell the first people, which are probably going to be his mom and his dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: He's gonna tell them to get out so everyone else is gonna get in, you know, my know
Gwenevere Abriel: People that are running the service, they'll do that they
Need
Gwenevere Abriel: To do they really do they because they know everybody is just out of their mind is grief that this is their job they're good at that.
Michelle Lucero: So I was like, I don't being that my brother's the father. I don't know if we're going to be the next ones up but I surely don't want to be the one to tell them on like okay you neither
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you imagine like that is not how I'm no it's not going down like that.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, like I have so much anxiety over stupid things like that.
Michelle Lucero: Oh my god. OK, so
Michelle Lucero: I told my brother last night because he's like I've been talking to him every day and he talked to the mom. He's already talked to them a couple times.
Michelle Lucero: But, um, she was like, you're gonna come right and he's like yeah because when his son died. I mean, I hate to make it sound like that. But when his older son died, Joseph was there for him.
Michelle Lucero: And she remembers that, of course, and she's like, I need you here tomorrow and or Thursday. And he's like, Yeah, I'm gonna be there.
Michelle Lucero: So I don't know. It just sucks, but then their family has always been there for our family when we've had them because we've all been close family, friends, since we grew up like they all grew up in the cereals with us.
Michelle Lucero: So like
Michelle Lucero: It's so weird what Joseph sister, Wendy. I call cousin, even though we're not cousins, but
Michelle Lucero: That's how close we are what I didn't grow up with Joseph, so I don't consider her cousin, but her sister. I grew up with.
Michelle Lucero: So like, it's just, it's weird. And then my brother had a baby with that family. And I remember my daughter was like
Michelle Lucero: Three years old because yeah Kayla's 18 and Kyle was 15 so Caleb was like three years old and I was pregnant with Devon at the time and Josie that came over, she was pregnant with Kyle and I remember her saying I can't believe I'm pregnant by Davey Cerro
Michelle Lucero: Like she was
Michelle Lucero: Like in shock about that. I remember
Michelle Lucero: It was his kids were already in their 20s. My brother was like done having kids.
Michelle Lucero: I don't know, I feel my own personal thoughts as I feel that she did it just have a baby with him because she wanted more kids her daughter was already older like her daughter was
Michelle Lucero: Like 13 already, I think.
Michelle Lucero: And
Michelle Lucero: Leslie her girlfriend had put in her head like to have a baby. So she wanted to maybe they try to adopt, but it didn't go through because of Leslie's history like shells domestic violence, so I'm
Michelle Lucero: Joseph got pregnant. My Davey, and then immediately after
Michelle Lucero: Having him sign away parental rights and left and went back to Leslie, then they fought
Michelle Lucero: And then she found her now husband.
Michelle Lucero: I mean, that's just my opinion, my brother. I don't like to tell my brother that because I don't want to make him feel that way, you know,
Michelle Lucero: make him feel like he was just used to have a baby with
Michelle Lucero: Well, that's the way I see it, though. And I don't know if he fills out late because I've never asked him about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What other way could he interpreted
Michelle Lucero: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: What other way Mikey. Think about it.
Michelle Lucero: I'm
Version.
Michelle Lucero: I don't know. He feels now he he told me yesterday. He was like,
Michelle Lucero: I just get so sad about it because
Michelle Lucero: Joseph had the power to pull him out of our lives and to bring him back whenever she wanted whenever it was convenient for her and he was like, I just feel like shit because like
Michelle Lucero: I feel like she didn't think we were good enough to have him in our lives while he was alive. But now that he's dead. She needs us today like she's he doesn't get it, and I'm like, I don't get it either.
Michelle Lucero: He's like, it makes me feel like I'm not good enough or I wasn't good enough to be in his life while he was alive because she only brought him in
Michelle Lucero: Maybe three times and it wasn't for very long periods of time, maybe like a month tops at a time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when when you guys both of you, you just sort of said how you feel. But what you did, right, is you gave us some stories you actually do know something, you know, your response to what's going on, you know, your response.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you irritated. Are you angry. Do you also feel some guilt. Do you also have some sorrow. It might be a combination of some of those. You don't have to figure out what her intentions were over these these 15 years for you to actually have a response to it.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, I feel all the above, I feel that I felt
Michelle Lucero: sad, I feel guilt. I feel shame because I didn't try harder.
Michelle Lucero: And then the times that I was around him. I don't even remember him being like, there's a picture for my sister Angela's daughters like third birthday and Kyle was there. I don't remember him being there, but I took a picture with him.
Michelle Lucero: Like his and sent me that picture because the mom sent it to her because she did, like, all I'm
Michelle Lucero: Like one of those memory videos. Anyways, she sent me all the videos of him with our family. And I was like, oh my, I don't even remember him being there that
Michelle Lucero: I, I don't remember him being there. And I think it's because he was so sporadically in their lives that
Michelle Lucero: Things like that, that he was that I don't remember him being there because he's usually not there. Does that make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you don't remember him being there that phrase, of course, that makes sense.
Michelle Lucero: Just because he wasn't there all the time. So it was easy to like forget he was there for Molly's third birthday.
Michelle Lucero: And I feel bad because
Michelle Lucero: I always told myself like
Michelle Lucero: I know Joseph going to do this again. I know just have to move move away and she did. She moved to Albuquerque.
Michelle Lucero: And I said, I'm gonna stay on top of it.
Michelle Lucero: But it wasn't as easy as she blocked me on Facebook. She changed her home phone number and her sister Wendy told me I don't want to get in the middle of it, and I wouldn't make
Michelle Lucero: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: The Bad idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: This brains assess some text and you can hear you. A little vibrating phone
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, so we have a group
Michelle Lucero: A group text.
Michelle Lucero: That me my breath. Everyone that's going tomorrow.
Michelle Lucero: My just got a message from it says
Michelle Lucero: Oh wait, that's not from them. That's from isn't
Michelle Lucero: Windy so after the viewing of Kyle when we're going to go to the food in the prayer, it's just
Michelle Lucero: It's going to be out till that's because the church was going to allow 20 at a time and then 20 minutes in between each group. So that would mean we would all be there until like 10 or 11 at night.
Michelle Lucero: Oh, so we decided to do it. Joseph's address. Yep. We already know that.
Michelle Lucero: Okay, so, yeah, it just
Michelle Lucero: The whole thing like
Michelle Lucero: Albuquerque and Bruno Leo have had more cases of coronavirus in Santa Fe and I'm terrified to even go over there because of that reason.
Michelle Lucero: And even more so because of
Michelle Lucero: The, the way I'm thinking, people are going to look at us like what are they doing here, they have the nerve to be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you remember I was brainstorming earlier and then it off.
Michelle Lucero: Like what do I want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this isn't just about I think you acknowledging that a human life a little boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has passed away.
Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: I want to go.
Michelle Lucero: Oh, well, what I had told my nephew, my brother, my I'm sorry what I told my brother.
Michelle Lucero: Was
Michelle Lucero: Sorry.
Michelle Lucero: Okay, what I told my brother was that I
Michelle Lucero: I told him you know they're gonna live stream the viewing
Michelle Lucero: And she said, No, I didn't. And I said, Yeah. And he said, What is that means
Michelle Lucero: Either never anything. Nothing that means they're going to have it like on the computer is going to be on the computer and he was like even him laying there. I was like, I'm guessing that's how they're doing it now because of the coronavirus
Michelle Lucero: And he was like, Wow, so we don't even have to go and I was like, Well, I've told him since the beginning. No, you don't have to go if you don't feel like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Michelle.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't
Michelle Lucero: I didn't want to make him feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Michelle, you're still diverting, what do you do
Michelle Lucero: I would rather watch the viewing with our family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now
Gwenevere Abriel: Who and where
Michelle Lucero: So I'm
Michelle Lucero: Everyone that was already going to go. So my niece, the Diva her boyfriend Mikko Stevie
Michelle Lucero: Know, wow. I mean, my brother and my daughter.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to prepare anything
Gwenevere Abriel: To say, or two to acknowledge is or is there something like that could be done that.
Michelle Lucero: They can feel that
Michelle Lucero: I could, I could see stuff because
Michelle Lucero: Me and my brother were the ones that have seen him the most
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Michelle Lucero: So I could say something
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold on to that I could say something. I also want to prepare the red enchilada. So you just master the kitchen.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have everything that you need. You had gone shopping was Noel yesterday you have everything you need.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any ambivalence ambivalence means mixed feeling about making that meal.
Michelle Lucero: I have uncertainty, because I don't know if my brother's gonna change his mind.
Michelle Lucero: Going
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, when the food itself though.
Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: Like no, I don't have any know I can make. It's not a big deal like
Michelle Lucero: Out of all the stuff she had on that list. I think enchiladas, where the easiest to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have you made up your mind you're going to make the enchiladas. And you're going to do it if you say, I'm going to do it, thinking about Kyle.
Michelle Lucero: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not where this food is going to go. Who's table, who's going to eat it, that that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's you being mindful, maybe you'll be in prayer. I don't know. Maybe you'll be grieving crying. I don't know what will be going on. But having that presence of mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Vs Bri just said, I'm confused. I don't know what we're going to do with this meal. That's a different approach to the enchilada. That's different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so are you going to make the meal.
Yet
Gwenevere Abriel: That lands. Who knows, maybe it'll land at someone's house you weren't expecting, but you made it with love.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you made it yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: could compare and contrast maybe how you were, were your thoughts were and where your feelings were when we started this
Michelle Lucero: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: To check in and see how you're doing now.
Michelle Lucero: Um, I just have a lot of anxiety. Still, we still got to get over my deal just be if I even go
Michelle Lucero: Today or tomorrow.
Michelle Lucero: And
Michelle Lucero: I don't think I think I'm gonna message. His for his mom.
Michelle Lucero: Cuz I know they're going through a lot and they're not thinking. I know. But what they wanted us to do is take the hot food today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
Michelle Lucero: But that doesn't make any sense to me like are they going to keep it warmed until tomorrow.
Michelle Lucero: And is it still going to be good. By the time we're done with everything.
Michelle Lucero: So I, I don't know if it was a typo and cold foods were supposed to be taken today because it doesn't really make sense to take that happens today being that it's not till tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need information.
Michelle Lucero: Yeah, so I have a lot of uncertainty, like I said, just about everything.
Michelle Lucero: Okay then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get that that list of that you started, which was first we wrote schedules down and now the first thing is
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's not called to maybe it's called us on because now you don't know what you're asking for from the PO, you don't know which day you're going
Gwenevere Abriel: To maybe the first thing is get clear
On
Gwenevere Abriel: Meal Prep date or drop off date and then called PO
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you're talking with on you can say, I have some constraints. I don't know how open, you are, but I have to get permission to leave the city.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it really I do need to know this because I'm about to call my PO. I don't know what your openness is. But if it's wide open. Then you can say it to your on and then she can get you clarification or who knows what she'll say,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what else I need to get done.
Michelle Lucero: Then I have to like cook food.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay then start, start cooking some cook the chicken or whatever. Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: Well actually okay yeah all know then because if
Michelle Lucero: If it's not till tomorrow that I have to take it. I'm not making it today.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have anything else going on tomorrow.
Michelle Lucero: No, that's the only thing
Gwenevere Abriel: So it looks like you've got your contingencies. It'd be nice to know when it is if you're permitted to do it. And then you'll know which day to start
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's still this whole thing. Watch the viewing with the TiVo with my knees and there's that whole thing. What do you want to do with that. So look at your notes look down at them see your notes. What does it mean think about with this other topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Watching the viewing and
Michelle Lucero: I wanted to call my brother before any of this. Oh, OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Call brother.
Michelle Lucero: And asked him.
Michelle Lucero: If he would feel more comfortable watching the viewing
Michelle Lucero: Here at my house with just our family.
Gwenevere Abriel: So call brother and that to your list.
Michelle Lucero: And I don't know but third corresponding within each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're set for our next appointment, you've got a list of things to focus on. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will see you in group.
Michelle Lucero: OK, so the next time we meet as a group app on the fourth one, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then our therapy is you're going to look if
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to set that alarm right 730 in the morning and check in early and then I'll get to see a day at eight on the Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well Chris on that list right don't not your thoughts about it. You just take them off. Just don't overanalyze it don't wait even four seconds right just get up and go, just do your list. Yeah.
Michelle Lucero: I'm ready, hesitating to call my brother was
Gwenevere Abriel: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: The first thing is find out the wind from your on just find out, don't look at your list. You've already got on then to whether you can even go
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's gonna it'll inform the conversation, you're going to have with your brother, there might be constraints.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might make this whole commitment and then it gets thrown off. Once you find out a constraint constraint is a rule from your P. O. So the on NPR sound like ones, you might want to start with. Yeah. Don't delay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hang up with me and don't let your monkey mind getting the way and talk yourself.
Michelle Lucero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to give you structure to your day and it won't feel so close and scary. You'll have I know this is a fact. I heard it. I know. Now I'm taking action. I know what cooking will look like. Okay, it's not going to be today.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now I have a conversation with brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll give some structure to your day. If you can get some information.
Michelle Lucero: Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Locked to you.
Michelle Lucero: Soon.
Michelle Lucero: Okay. Bye bye.